Update readme (#2)
canonical-webteam/canonicalwebteam.discourse-docs: README.md

# canonicalwebteam.discourse_docs

> Flask extension to integrate discourse content generated to docs to your website.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
A Flask extension to serve documentation pages, pulling the content from Discourse forum topics.
```

## Install

Install the project with pip: `pip install canonicalwebteam.discourse_docs`

You can add the extension on your project:

```
from canonicalwebteam.discourse_docs import DiscourseDocs, DiscourseAPI

discourse_api = DiscourseAPI(
    base_url="https://forum.snapcraft.io/",
    frontpage_id=3781,  # The "Snap Documentation" topic
    category_id=15,  # The "doc" category
)

# From constructor
DiscourseDocs(
    app=app,
    model=discourse_api,
    url_prefix="/",

>     document_template="document.html",

Reviewer: In general, both the default `url_prefix` and the default `document_template` should be used. I think the wording here encourages people to overwrite the default, which is probably not what we want is it?
